ref(plugins): add official plugin list (#16)
bigbluebutton/plugins: README.md

# BigBlueButton plugins

## List of official plugins:

> Here is a list of the official plugins supported by Bigbluebutton, along with their respective repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a list of the official open source plugins supported by BigBlueButton, along with their respective repository:
```

- plugin-decrease-volume-on-speak - https://github.com/bigbluebutton/plugin-decrease-volume-on-speak
- plugin-generic-link-share - https://github.com/bigbluebutton/plugin-generic-link-share
- plugin-session-share - https://github.com/bigbluebutton/plugin-session-share
- plugin-h5p - https://github.com/bigbluebutton/plugin-h5p
- plugin-code-highlight - https://github.com/bigbluebutton/plugin-code-highlight
- plugin-pick-random-user - https://github.com/bigbluebutton/plugin-pick-random-user
- plugin-typed-captions - https://github.com/bigbluebutton/plugin-typed-captions

## Developing

> If you want to develop some of that list, please refer back to https://github.com/bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton-html-plugin-sdk?tab=readme-ov-file#running-the-plugin-from-source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to play around or modify one of these plugins, please refer back to https://github.com/bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton-html-plugin-sdk?tab=readme-ov-file#running-the-plugin-from-source
```
